feat: Add RN SDK v6 migration guide (#11346)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/react-native/migration/index.mdx

---
title: Migration Guide
sidebar_order: 8000

> description: "Learn about migrating to new Sentry React Native SDK versions."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to migrate to the new versions of Sentry's React Native SDK."
```
